Byoungseok Peter Kim
cs184-bg
20190251

Frank Yu Gan
cs184-ay
20448257

Project Proposal


Goal: To model a lens assembly of a real camera.


Features: All features that are definitely doable by the end of the semester. These
features are also very basic features of all camera lenses.

-Focal Length: 	A lens' focal length determines the magnification of the image
		projected onto the image plane (mostly for disant objects).
		Depending on the focal length, the distance between the lens
		and the film (or sensor format), and the distance between the lens
		and the object being focused, certain parts of the image may be
		sharper and other parts blurry.

		The implementation of focal length and focus involves mathematics
		of optics and ray tracing.

-Aperture:	The aperture determines the light intensity of the image.
		A real camera lens has a simple mechanism to control the size of
		the aperture. This feature can be implemented in a number of ways,
		the simplest of which is to have a multiplier to the final image
		intensity to model aperture.

-Zoom:		Unlike focal length and aperture, zoom is not a basic feature of
		camera lenses. However, many camera lenses today have zoom.
		What zoom does in a camera lens is to vary the focal length, thus
		varying the magnification. If focal length is implemented properly,
		then simply having a controller for the focal length should allow
		us to model a zoom lens.


Extra Features: Any special lens features that can be added-on, time permitting.

-Wide-angle:	A "normal" lens is defined as one for which the focal length is
		approximately equal to the diagonal of the film. For example, the
		focal length of a normal lens for 35mm film (43.3mm diagonal) would
		be anywhere from 40-58mm (the most common lens used is 50mm). A wide
		angle lens is when the focal length is shorter than the diagonal.

		The "fisheye" lens is a special wide-angle lens for which the focal
		length is shorter than the short side of the film. This causes a
		deliberate distortion in the image (no longer a rectilinear image).

-Long Focus:	Opposite of wide-angle, long focus lenses have focal lengths that
		are longer than the diagonal of the film. As a result, distant
		objects become much more magnified than normal.


Normal, wide angle, and long focus lenses can be implemented by having a control
to toggle between the three (four if fisheye included).

-Lens Flare:	Usually unwanted scattering of light causing poor color quality
		and/or artifacts in the image. This occurs when there are bright
		light sources in the image or lights shining into the lens (usually
		the sun).

-Soft Focus:	A soft focus lens blurs the image while still maintaining sharp
		edges. Soft focus requires spherical aberration (it can't be done
		by just defocusing a sharp lens).


***A lot of the information about each feature was found on wikipedia (some are
directly quoted and others paraphrased).***